figuring out a person's real intentions
can be pretty hard and often ends in
disappointment and heartbreak luckily
there are a couple of surefire ways to
spot a fake person in your life and cut
them off before it's too late so let's
get right into them
number one fake people care about other
people's social status if you want to
know what a man's like take a good look
at how he treats his inferiors not
equals remember this great quote from
Harry Potter that's exactly how you
distinguish a fake person from a genuine
one when a person doesn't really care
about their own gain they pay zero
attention to the social status of others
focusing on their personality traits and
characteristics instead a fake person on
the other hand isn't interested in you
they're interested in what they can get
from being close to you take the Harry
Potter books for example while Harry
never paid attention to Ron and Hermoine
social status Draco Malfoy always judged
people based on how powerful or rich
they were so take a closer look at how
they observe the people around them and
you'll see everything you need to know
number two fake people manipulate others
can you imagine a genuine and happy
person trying to manipulate somebody not
just doing a harmless manipulation but
using disgusting methods to make others
do what's best for them no matter how
bad it may be for somebody else this is
exactly what a fake person would do the
example of Lucy and Eustace from The
Chronicles of Narnia illustrates this
point very well Lucy never tried to
change others and accepted them as they
were
Eustace chose to threaten people to get
what he wanted if you notice someone
constantly manipulating you and your
feelings there's no point trying to make
it work unfortunately these toxic people
will never give up their ways
number three fake people crave attention
genuine and confident people usually
don't feel a burning desire to be the
center of attention at all times the
reason behind it is pretty simple they
don't really care what society thinks of
them but with fake people the situation
is completely different they feel like
they're lacking something important and
they try to compensate for it by getting
ahead of the game no matter who gets
hurt in the process if you need an
example take a look at the second Shrek
movie Shrek never wanted to be popular
in the first place and always did what
felt authentic to him his antagonist
prince charming craved attention and was
ready to break up a loving couple just
to be noticed and get his way
fake person behavior at its best number
four fake people never listen fake
people love to talk about themselves
if you meet a person who never asks
about you and always makes every topic
about themselves you're probably dealing
with a fake person who doesn't deserve
your time and effort there's a great
cinematic example of such behavior in
the recent hit - all the boys I've loved
before you have Jen Lera jeans former
best friend who stopped their friendship
right away and never really bothered to
listen to Lera G inside of the story Jen
made the situation all about her
then there's Lera Jean who's a great
friend and a genuine person always ready
to listen and offer support it's not
hard to figure out who's the fake one
out of the two of them right number five
fake people love to brag someone's
bragging is never fun to listen to if
you come across a person who can't stop
talking about how awesome they are
there's a big chance you are talking to
a fake person genuine people are proud
of their accomplishments but don't boast
about them left and right
on the contrary a fake person goes on
and on and on about how beautiful smart
and
fantastic their personality things and
smallest achievements are the classic
movie Beauty and the Beast does a really
good job of showing this difference
there's the beast who's very intelligent
and read numerous books throughout his
life but never really talked about it
then there's Gaston who always shows off
boasting about all the Magnificent
things he never actually did wise Disney
knew that the earlier we learned this
lesson the batter number six fake people
break their promises remember the
classic Jane Austen book Pride and
Prejudice everybody thought that mr.
Wickham was the most charming man in the
world but he turned out to be a fraud
and a liar
who never kept his promises at the same
time mr. Darcy whom everybody hated from
the beginning showed himself to be a man
of this world on multiple occasions and
that's another sign of a genuine person
right there if you keep hanging out with
someone who talks big but always
disappears when it comes to action this
is definitely not a person you can rely
on do you really need friends you cannot
trust it's way better to keep your
circle tight and make sure that the
people around you always have your back
number seven fake people are
opportunists genuine people love to
spend time with you and will never throw
a friendship or romantic relationship
out the window however fake people see
the situation completely differently
they're happy to be by your side but
only till they meet somebody with a
higher status or more money even more so
they're not afraid to ruin your
relationships to get the best you have
as always I have a cinematic example for
you for this one it's chastity from 10
Things I Hate About You she hung out
with Bianca for a long time but
instantly forgot about their friendship
once she could get closer to the popular
guy Joey as opposed to Cameron who
genuinely loved Bianca nah
cool number 8 fake people put others
down one of the most obvious signs of a
fake person is when they try to look
better at someone else's expense
this type of person never hesitates to
criticize others harshly to make
themselves appear cooler the captain of
Gondor from the lord of the rings'
who always treated his servants and even
his own son with disrespect is a perfect
example of that genuine people on the
other hand try their best to uplift and
inspire others just take a look at
Aragorn who always supported those
around him so if your newfound friend or
lover always makes offensive comments
about others it's a red flag you
shouldn't ignore number 9 fake people
feed off drama fake people never care
about someone else's feelings instead
they love to play people off against one
another for fun and entertainment just
look at what Regina George did
throughout the whole Mean Girls movie
and especially toward the end turning a
whole school into complete chaos
now that's definitely not something a
genuine person like Aaron or Damian
would do right if you see your friend or
partner constantly destroying the lives
of others don't think they'll never do
the same thing for you once they get
bored you could easily become their next
toy number 10 fake people gossip there's
a great quote that says great minds
discuss ideas average Minds discuss
events and small minds discuss people
and that's exactly where gossiping
stands when it comes to fake people
genuine people have high moral
principles that don't let them talk
behind someone's back
if they don't like you they simply don't
interact with you that often but fake
people prefer hypocrisy and often act
all lovey-dovey with you while talking
trash about you behind your back James
Cameron portrayed these two types of
people perfectly in his hit movie
Titanic with the Unsinkable Molly Brown
a strong woman who wasn't afraid to
speak her mind
and roses mother who enjoyed spreading
rumors and judging others
number 11 fake people are only nice when
they need something
the only focus of a fake person is
themselves so they view people from the
perspective of what they can get from
them this hidden feature can be pretty
hard to notice right away let's take the
legendary Game of Thrones if you were
Robert Baratheon you would probably
never realize the real frightening
nature of your wife Cersei who in fact
was planning to kill you all along and
that's exactly what a fake person would
do be nice and friendly to your face but
use you for their own good at the same
time thankfully there are more genuine
people like Jon Snow
who's respectful toward everyone he
comes across and always lets his
feelings show when he isn't a fan of
somebody number 12 fake people disappear
when you need them the most
every single one of us has been in a
difficult situation at least once in our
lifetime sure these situations are the
worst but they always show you who your
true friends are since fake friends
always disappear at the first sign of
trouble remember Emma Roberts movie wild
child when the main character poppy got
sent to the boarding school she felt
lonely at first and tried to keep in
touch with her best friend Ruby but Ruby
forgot her in a minute simply because
she was no longer considered cool by the
wealthy team crack at the same time the
real friends poppy made at her boarding
school stuck with her through thick and
thin so the old saying a friend in need
is a friend indeed we'll never stop
being true
how do you figure out whether a person
is genuine or not tell us in the
comments section below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay on
the bright side
you